=head1 Building a Krang Add-On

=head2 Introduction

This document describes how to build Krang add-ons.  The Krang add-on
facility allows you to develop separate packages of code which can be
installed into Krang.  An add-on can supply a new element set, a new
theme or even a new UI feature.  Krang add-ons are separately
versioned and can depend on a version of Krang or on other Krang
add-ons.

=head2 Getting Started

Your first job creating a new addon is to come up with a clever name.
For example, I'll create an addon which magically speeds up Krang and
call it "Turbo".  Once you've picked a name you can create a skeleton
with C<krang_addon_framework>:

   bin/krang_addon_framework --name Turbo

This command creates a directory called C<Turbo/> inside the
C<addons/> directory.  A single file is created there called
C<krang_addon.conf>.

=head2 How It Works

An addon's files act as an overlay on top of Krang.  For example, if
you create a file called C<templates/Story/new.tmpl> in your addon
then it will be used instead of the template in that location in
KRANG_ROOT.  The same is true for Perl modules in C<lib/> and the
files in C<htdocs/>.

This works well for most purposes but occaisonally you'll need
something more powerful when overriding a core Krang library.  For
example, imagine that I created Turbo::Story which had a better find()
implementation.  Naturally Turbo::Story would inherit from
Krang::Story since aside from the new find() Krang::Story's
implementation should be used.

Krang addons support a file called C<conf/class.conf> which supports
selecting replacement of core libraries.  In this case
C<conf/class.conf> inside the Turbo addon would contain:

  SetClass Story Turbo::Story

This tells Krang that wherever it would have used Krang::Story
previously it should now use Turbo::Story.

An example of using C<class.conf> is included in Krang's test set:
t/addons/LazyLoader-1.00.tar.gz.  This addon implements lazy-loading
for Krang::Story.

=head2 C<krang_addon.conf>

The C<krang_addon.conf> file in an add-on directory controls many
important aspects of the add-on's operation.  The file follows the
same Apache-inspired format as Krang's krang.conf file.  I'll explain
each available directive.

=over 4

=item * C<Name> I<name> (required)

You must declare the name of your add-on.  Names must match
C</^[-\w]$/>.  For example:

  Name Turbo

=item * C<Version> I<x.y> (required)

You must declare the version of your add-on.  A version must be a
valid floating point number and will be treated as such (ie. 1.10 is
the same as 1.1).  For example:

  Version 1.01

=item * C<Files> I<file> I<file> I<...>

This directive allows you to specify a list of files to install into
Krang when the addon is installed with C<krang_addon_installer>.  If
not present then all files (aside from those used for add-on
installation, like C<krang_addon.conf>) are installed into Krang.  For
example, Turbo-1.00 might list:

  Files docs/turbo.pod lib/Krang/Turbo.pm t/turbo.t

=item * C<ExcludeFiles> I<file> I<file> I<...>

This directive allows you to exclude a set of files from installation.
For example, if Turbo-1.00 included a I<README> file but wanted to
install everything else into Krang:

  ExcludeFiles README

Files in C<upgrade/> and C<krang_addon.conf> are excluded
automatically.

=item * C<RequireKrang> I<x.y>

Require a version of Krang.  For example, if Turbo will only work with
Krag 1.00 or higher:

  RequireKrang 1.00

=item * C<RequireAddOns> I<name> I<x.y> [ I<name> I<x.y> ... ]

Require one or more addons, with versions.  Specifying a version of
'0' will require the add-on to be present with any version.  For
example, if Turbo requires at least version 2.0 of the Nitro extension
and any version of RacingStripes:

  RequireAddOns Nitro         2 \
                RacingStripes 0

=item * C<PostInstallScript> I<script>

A script to run after file installation is complete.  C<KRANG_ROOT>
will be set in the environment for this script.

=item * C<UninstallScript> I<script>

A script to run when the addon is being uninstalled.  C<KRANG_ROOT>
will be set in the environment for this script.

=item * C<NavigationHandler> I<Module>

This parameter allows your addon to contribute navigation links to the
left-nav in Krang.  The module you name here will be loaded and a
method called navigation_handler() will be called with the navigation
tree as an argument.  For example, this code adds a new navigation
section called "Log Viewer" with a link called "View Log" pointing to
C<log_viewer.pl>:

  sub navigation_handler {
      my ($pkg, $tree) = @_;
      
      my $node = $tree->new_daughter();
      $node->name('Log Tools');
  
      $node = $node->new_daughter();
      $node->name('View Log');
      $node->link('log_viewer.pl');
  }

If this method was placed in a class called LogViewer::NavHandler then
krang_addon.conf would contain:

  NavigationHandler LogViewer::NavHandler

For more about how navigation works in Krang see L<Krang::Navigation>
and L<Krang::NavigationNode>.

=item * C<InitHandler> I<Module>

This configuration directive names a module which will be called
during initialization of Krang.  It must define a method called
C<init_handler()>.  A common use for this handler is to setup
additional library paths or environment variables.

Configured init-handlers are called during compilation of the
following modules

  Krang::Script
  Krang::Handler
  Krang::CGI (in CGI_MODE only)

=item * C<Priority> N

The C<Priority> directive allows you to control the order in which
addons are loaded by Krang.  An addon which is loaded earlier will
override a later addon.  Addons are sorted in descending order by
priority so an addon with a C<Priority> of 100 will load before one
with 5.

By default addons have a C<Priority> of 0.

=item * C<DataSetClasses> I<Module::One> I<Module::Two> ...

The C<DataSetClasses> directive allows you to add new classes to
Krang::DataSet.  Objects of these classes can be imported and exported
via KDS files using krang_import and krang_export.  Classes listed
here must implement to following methods:

  id_meth()         - returns the name of the ID-returning method.
  $id_meth()        - must return a unique ID for your objects
  find()            - including count, limit and offset functionality
  serialize_xml()
  deserialize_xml() 

Note that id_meth() should return a value of the form "NAME_id" where
"NAME" will be used as a short-hand name for your class and must be
unique.  For example, Krang::Story returns "story_id".

You must also create XML Schema documents in a schema/ directory in
your addon.

=back

=head2 Building an Addon Distribution

In order for other people to install your addon you need to build an
addon distribution.  This is done with the C<krang_addon_dist> script:

  bin/krang_addon_dist Turbo

This command creates a tar-ball called C<Turbo-1.00.tar.gz> from the
source in C<addons/Turbo/>.

=head2 Installing an Addon

Installing a Krang addon is done using the C<krang_addon_installer> on
an addon file:

  bin/krang_addon_installer Turbo-1.00.tar.gz

For more details see the krang_addon_installer help:

  bin/krang_addon_installer --help

=head2 Upgrades

Krang add-ons support the same upgrade facility as Krang.  This means
you can include an 'upgrade/' directory with standard
L<Krang::Upgrade> modules.  For example, if Turbo-1.01 is released and
must make changes to the database or filesystem then a file called
'upgrade/V1_01.pm' must be created.  This file may contain code to run
on a per-installation or per-instance basis, just like other Krang
upgrade scripts.

Krang's upgrade system is described in the
HREF[Upgrade System|upgrade_system.html] document.
