=head1 Krang Changes

This document sketches requirements for Krang in terms of differences
from Bricolage.  This list is written from an end-user perspective;
the internals will necessarily be an entirely new design.

=head2 Media

Media in Krang will be vastly simpler than Media in Bricolage.  The
model here will be a file-store rather than a full workflow as in
Bricolage.  Media will have a fixed set of attributes, rather than the
full element trees supported by Bricolage.  No checkin and checkout
will be available for Media and Media will not be part of workflow.

The main benefit to making this change will be to simplify the user
experience.  Additionally, we will save time by avoiding implementing
a second workflow for Media.

The downside here is that a large organization might have a separate
art department that could benefit from a dedicated media workflow.  My
supposition is that most Primedia magazines are not in this category.

These operations will be supported on Media and will behave similarly
to their current behavior in Bricolage:

=over 4

=item create

=item delete

=item find

=item edit

=item publish

=back

Unsupported features currently available in Bricolage:

=over 4

=item checkin

=item checkout

=item move to desk

=item keywords

=item trail

=item notes

=back

=head2 Story

The story interface will see the least changes from Bricolage to
Krang.  Krang's element system will be significantly enhanced and this
will result in new features in the story interface, but no major 
interface changes to existing features are expected.

The builtin keyword system will be removed from the story interface.
Instead, keywords will be implemented as elements as needed.

=head2 Templates

Krang's template support will be different in a number of ways.
First, the element scripting facilities will be built into the element
system rather than working through the templating system.  The
templates managed through the UI will be solely the .tmpl files
containing HTML.

Second, Krang's template system will not support a workflow.  This
workflow has been largely useless in Bricolage and not building it
will save significant development time.

Templates will support a revision system similar to the existing
system in Bricolage.

=head2 Output Channels

Output channels will be entirely absent from Krang.  We never used
them in Bricolage and most likely never would.

=head2 Global Preferences

A global preference system will exist in Krang but it will have less
entries than Bricolage's system.  Some preferences will be moved to
the configuration file managed by Ops, others will become user-level
preferences and some will be deleted entirely.  

[ TODO: evaluate the status of each existing Bricolage preference in
Krang ]

=head2 Distribution Administration

The corpulent distribution admin system in Bricolage will be replaced
by three configuration variables:

=over 4

=item *

publish directory

=item *

preview directory

=item *

preview URL

=back

=head2 Jobs

The jobs administrative interface will be replaced by a system to view
stories pending for a scheduled publish.  A generalized job system
will not be part of Krang.

=head2 Contributors

The contributor system will be significantly simplified.  It will be
designed to support a list of people identified by name.  Each
contributor may have data in a fixed set of attributes (email, phone
number, etc).

Additionally, each contributor will be assigned to one or more roles
selected from a fixed list (Writer, Photographer, etc).  These roles
will have no data assigned to them specifically, unlike Bricolage.
When a contributor is added to a story the editor will be able to pick
their role from the list of available roles for the contributor.  When
editing a contributor, the roles available for the contributor may be
easily changed.

=head2 Sources

The sources feature will not be part of Krang.  We have never used
this feature in Bricolage and it is unlikely that we will in the
future.

It has been suggested that a working Sources and Story Expiration
system would be highly desirable.  This would supposedly allow us to
deal with the "Reuters Feed Stories Must Expire In 30 Days" case.
However, as Len pointed out, only Story Expiration is required to make
this work.  This is because a Reuters feed would obviously be coming
from an automated importer.  This importer could easily setup
expiration when importing the story even without a Source feature.

=head2 Categories

Categories will be simplified by the removal of keywords and ad
strings

=head2 Workflows

The workflows admin tool will not exist in Krang.  Instead, a simple
set of configuration settings will allow dev and ops to adjust
workflows on a per-instance basis.

=head2 Permissions

The permissions system will be designed to support the following use
cases:

=over 4

=item *

Assign a user to a group and create permissions by user group.

=item *

Restrict access and visibility by desk.

=item *

Restrict access and visibility by category.

=item *

Restrict ability to publish.

=item *

Restrict access and vibility of top-level Nav items - Story, Media,
Tempate, Admin.

=item *

Grant ability to create other users with permissions less than or
equal to the user's.

=item *

Grant super-user status with no restrictions.

=back

=head2 Groups

The Groups admin tool will not be present in Krang.  It is expected
that we can arrive at a Permissions system that is not so complicated
as to require such a facility.

=head2 User Override

This feature will exist in Krang but will not appear in the UI.
Instead, a command-line tool will be available to allow access to any
user account.

=head2 Alert Types

Alert Types will be removed in favor of a simple set of user
preferences to send e-mail alerts as required.

=head2 Desks

Desks will work roughly the same way in Krang as they do in Bricolage.
We might consider enhancing the UI in two directions: replacing links
with buttons to enhance usability and adding paging to allow for desks
with many stories.
