=head1 Krang Coding Standards

The Krang project will require coding standards above and beyond those
used in other PIRT projects.  Krang will be a large project with high
levels of interaction between developers.  Due to scheduling issues
developers may enter and exit the project through-out it's life-span.
To arrive at a maintainable code-base we must develop and adhere to a
strict set of coding guidelines.


=head2 Code Formating

=over 4

=item Indentation

Code must be indented using 4 spaces, and never with hard tabs.  A 2
space indent for continued lines is recommended, but not mandatory.
Similarly, breaking lines at 80 columns is generally prefered but not
a requirement.

Using Emacs cperl-mode, automatic indenting should be setup using:

  (custom-set-variables
   '(cperl-indent-level 4)
   '(cperl-continued-statement-offset 2)
   '(cperl-tab-always-indent t)
   '(indent-tabs-mode nil))

Using VIM, these settings will accomplish similar goals:

   source $VIMRUNTIME/indent.vim
   set tabstop=8
   set softtabstop=4
   set shiftwidth=4
   set expandtab

=back

=head2 Testing

=over 4

=item Module Test Suites

All modules will have a dedicated test suite built using Test::More.
This test suite must be created as the module is written.  Every
significant addition to the module must be accompanied by additional
tests in the test suite.

=back



=head2 Documentation

=over 4

=item Module Documentation

All modules must have full POD documentation containing the following
sections:

=over 4

=item NAME

Name and short description of the module.

=item SYNOPSIS

This section must contain a working example of every method or
function in the interface offered by the module.

=item DESCRIPTION

A general description of the purpose of the module.

=item INTERFACE

A listing of each method or function in the public interface.  Must
include parameter descriptions, return values and side-effects if any.

=back

If appropriate, modules should include:

=over

=item TODO

A list of known issues in the module.  If you put a B<FIXME> comment
in the code then you should list the issue here.

=item SEE ALSO

A list of modules related to this module.

=back


=item Script Documentation

All command-line scripts will have full POD documentation describing
their usage.  Scripts should use Pod::Usage and GetOpt::Long.  Scripts
must support --man and --help options as shown in the Pod::Usage
documentation.


=item Configuration Documentation

New configuration directives for F<krang.conf> need two pieces of
documentation.  First, they need a comment in the default
F<krang.conf> explaining their usage along with a reasonable default
setting.  Second, they need an entry in F<docs/configuration.pod>.

=back



=head2 CVS

=over 4

=item Commit Comments

All CVS commits must come with a fully descriptive comment.  These
comments will be sent to the CVS commit mailing-list and will allow
developers to stay up-to-date with code changes.

=item Commit Requirements

All commited code must pass the full application test suite.  This is
defined as running "make test" at the project root and finding no
failures.  

=back


=head2 Database Conventions

=over 4

=item Table Names

Tables should be named with singluar nouns.  For example, the table
containing data managed by Krang::Story is called "story" not
"stories".

=item Join Table Names

Tables that establish relationships between two tables should be named
by combining the two table names.  For example, the story table is
joined to the contributor table using the "story_contributor" table.
Consider choosing the first member based on which module "owns" the
data in the table.  For example, "story_contributor" is better than
"contributor_story" because Krang::Story is responsible for
maintaining this relationship.

=item Primary Keys

When an auto-incrementing integer is used for the primary key of a
table, it should be named using the table name and "_id".  For
example, the primary key of the story table is "story_id".  Using just
"id" is not acceptable.

=item VARCHAR columns

All VARCHAR columns must be of the maximum allowed width (255 in MySQL
3.23) unless there is a compelling reason to do otherwise.  VARCHARs
should be used when users will access the data in a text input through
the UI.

=item TEXT columns

When a textarea is used in the UI, the column recieving the data
should be of the TEXT type.  This will avoid unnecessary restrictions
on the length of the data entered.

=item SQL comments

An SQL comment at the beginning of each table definition is required.
It should identify the code module responsible for the table as well
as any other modules which access the table.  This will be helpful
when changes are required and all table accesses must be examined.
For example:

  /* The users table holds data managed by Krang::User and 
     accessed by Krang::CGI::Login */

=back
