=head1 Krang Configuration

=head2 Introduction

Krang is configured through a single configuration file called
F<krang.conf>.  Krang finds its configuration file by first looking
for the C<KRANG_CONF> environment variable.  If this is unset, Krang
will look for C<KRANG_ROOT> and append F<conf/krang.conf> to it.

Krang's configuration file is in the same format as Apache.  Simple
directives are set using the name and value, separated by a space.
For example:

  KrangRoot /usr/local/krang

Multiple values are separated by spaces.  Example:

  ParentSets Flex Default

If a value contains a space, it must be enclosed in quotes (single or
double):

  ProductName "PIRT/CMS, Enterprise Plus Ultra Edition"

Instance blocks in Krang work like VirtualHost blocks in Apache.  For
example, the instance called "truckin" would have a block like:

  <Instance truckin>
     InstanceName truckin
     VirtualHost cms.truckin.com
     # ...
  </Instance>

Just like Apache, configuration directives defined outside the
Instance blocks are inherited by the instances.  This means that
common settings can be defined globally and then selectively
overridden inside the Instance blocks, reducing overall configuration
size.

Some variables only make sense inside an instance block, in which case
they are marked "(Instance)" in the list below.

=head2 Configuration Directives

This list contains every valid configuration directive, in
alphabetical order.  See the F<conf/krang.conf> that comes with Krang
for a complete usage example.

=over 4

=item ApacheAddr

The IP address for the Apache server.

=item ApacheGroup

The group to run Apache as.

=item ApachePort

The port for the Apache server.

=item ApacheUser

The user to run Apache as.

=item DBName (Instance)

Name of the database for this instance.

=item DBPass (Instance)

Database password to use to connect to the database.

=item DBUser (Instance)

Database user to use to connect to the database.

=item ElementLibrary

Directory where the Krang element library is installed.

=item ElementSet (Instance)

The element set used by the instance.

=item KrangRoot

Directory where Krang is installed.

=item LogFile

Path to the Krang log file, relative to KrangRoot.

=item RootVirtualHost

The name of the "root" server, usually the name of the machine itself.
When clients visit this special virtual host they will see a list of
all available instances on the machine.  This must not be used as an
instance virtual host.

=item VirtualHost (instance)

The name of the virtual host for a specific instance.

=back
