=head1 Krang Element System

This document describes the Krang Element System at a technical level.
The information given here is neither exhaustive nor authoritative but
should provide a good introduction.  For more detail, see the
documentation in the modules referenced in this text.

=head2 Element Library

The element library is a directory in CVS containing all existing
element sets available for use with Krang.  The intent is to support
the maximum possible degree of reusability in Krang elements.

The element library will be developed and versioned separately from
Krang.  One element set can use elements from another set, either by
directly referencing element classes in foreign sets or by declaring
another set as a parent set.

For example, the root directory of the element library might contain:

  /Default
  /Flex
  /LA
  /Anaheim

Each Krang instance will declare the element sets they wish to use
with the ElementSet configuration option in krang.conf.  For example,
a site using the Flex element set would declare:

  ElementSet Flex

=head2 Element Set

An element set contains element classes that power the elements for an
instance.  Elements provide the building blocks for stories.

Each element set contains a configuration file, F<set.conf>, which
contains a list of top-level element classes in the set.  Each element
set can be configured to inherit elements from other element sets.
For example, Flex might inherit from the Default set.

An element set may also contain a file with default templates, called
F<templates.kds>.  This file must be a valid
HREF[Krang::Dataset|xml.html] file containing only L<Krang::Template>
objects.  If present, it will be loaded into the database by
C<krang_createdb>.

Finally, elements sets may include a F<lists.conf> file describing
lists available for use by the element set and in the user interface.
The F<lists.conf> file is an XML file containing a description of each
list group.  For example:

  <list_groups>
    <list_group list_group_name="Cars">
      <list list_name="Make" />
      <list list_name="Model" />
      <list list_name="Year" />
    </list_group>

    <list_group list_group_name="Segments" description="This list group just contains one list">
      <list list_name="Segments" />
     </list_group>
  </list_groups>

This configuration file describes two list groups.
A list group is a group of linked lists.
The first list group on the example describes a three-level tree of
make/model/year values- meaning each 'Make' can be associated with a 
list of 'Model's, and each 'Model' can be associated with a list of
'Year's.   The second list group in the example contains just a single
flat list.  Note that a default description for the list group can 
be set within the list_group tag.

You may also specify initial list items via F<lists.conf> by using the 
optional element, "list_item", which expects two attributes,
"item_name" and (optional) "parent_item_name":

  <list_group list_group_name="Make/Model/Year" description="blah blah blah">
    <list list_name="Make">
      <list_item item_name="Ford" />
      <list_item item_name="Honda" />
      <list_item item_name="GMAC" />
    </list>
    <list list_name="Model">
      <list_item parent_item_name="Ford" item_name="Explorer" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Ford" item_name="Escort" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Ford" item_name="Focus" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Honda" item_name="Element" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Honda" item_name="Civic" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Honda" item_name="Accord" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="GMAC" item_name="Hummer" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="GMAC" item_name="Pontiac" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="GMAC" item_name="Humongulous" />
    </list>
    <list list_name="Year">
      <list_item parent_item_name="Explorer" item_name="1998" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Explorer" item_name="1999" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Explorer" item_name="2000" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Explorer" item_name="2001" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Civic" item_name="1999" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Civic" item_name="2000" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Civic" item_name="2001" />
      <list_item parent_item_name="Civic" item_name="2002" />
    </list>
  </list_group>

This allows you to intuitively set up lists when you run a "make db".

Below is an example of how a ListGroup would be added to an element in 
your element library:

  Krang::ElementClass::ListGroup->new(  name => 'auto_segments',
                                        list_group => 'Segments',
                                        multiple => 1 )

'multiple' allows for multiple selections from a flat list.

See L<Krang::ElementClass::ListGroup>, L<Krang::ListGroup>, L<Krang::List>
and L<Krang::ListItem> for further details.

=head2 Element Classes

An element class is a Perl module that controls how the element data
will be edited, stored and published.  Element class modules inherits
from L<Krang::ElementClass> or one of L<Krang::ElementClass>'s
sub-classes like L<Krang::ElementClass::Textarea>. 

Here's an example container element, Flex::page:

  package Flex::page;
  use base qw(Krang::ElementClass);

  sub new {
      my $pkg = shift;
      my %opt = (
         name         => "page",  # unique name for the element
         display_name => "Page",  # display name for the UI
         min          => 1,       # always have one page
         max          => undef,   # allow any number of pages

         # list of potential child elements, specified as
         # names or with Krang::ElementClass objects
         children     => [
             # looks for a paragraph element across defined element
             # sets
             "paragraph",
             
             # instantiate using a direct reference to an
             # element class, with parameters for the constructor
             Flex::keywords->new(fields => 6),
             
             # create sub-elements dynamically without
             # requiring new module
             Krang::ElementClass::MediaLink->new(name => "inline_image"),
            ],

          # allow code that creates new pages to override any of the
          # available parameters
          @_,
      );
 
      return $pkg->SUPER::new(%opt); 
  }

  1;

Flex::page is considered a 'container element' because its purpose is
to contain other elements - paragraphs, images and keywords in this
case.

As you can see above, data elements are also classes in the element
set.  A data element allows users to enter data, and usually does not
contain sub-elements.  Here's an example data element,
Flex::paragraph, which inherits from Krang::ElementClass::TextBox:

  package Flex::paragraph;
  use base qw(Krang::ElementClass::TextBox);

  sub new {
      my $pkg = shift;
      my %opt = (
                 name           => "paragraph",
                 rows           => 4,
                 cols           => 40,
                 bulk_edit      => 1,
                 
                 @_,
                );
      return $pkg->SUPER::new(%opt);
  }

  1;

Most usages of Krang will not require more code in the element classes
than is shown above.  In most cases it will be enough to inherit from
one of the provided element classes.  However, overriding methods
inside the element class can give you control over every operation
involving the element.  See L<Krang::ElementClass> for more details.

=head1 Element

An element is a piece of a story.  Every element is a
L<Krang::Element> object and belongs to a particular element class.
The element class of an object is accessible through the C<class()>
method.

When you create a new story you define the class of its root element
with the class parameter.  For example, to create a new story based on
the Article element class:

  $story = Krang::Story->new(class      => 'article',
                             title      => "Title",
                             slug       => "slug",
                             categories => [1]);

This prints "Article" because $story->element is an element assigned
to the "Article" class:

  print $story->element->class->display_name;

Elements proxy element class methods to their element classes,
mimicking inheritance.  So this also prints "Article":

  print $story->element->display_name;

Given an element, you can access a list of children with the
C<children()> method.  These children are also elements with their own
class assignments.  For example, if the Article has three paragraph
elements as children then this will print "Paragraph" three times:

  print $_->display_name . "\n" for $story->element->children;

You can add child elements to add data to the story.  For example, to
add another paragraph with the content "foo":

  $story->element->add_child(class => "paragraph",
                             data  => "foo");

See L<Krang::Element> for more information about how to work with
elements.

=head2 List Groups and Lists


