=head1 Installing Krang As a Developer

The purpose of this document is to walk a user through the process of
installing a new Krang instance.  It is assumed that the user who
installs this is (1) a knowledgable UNIX administrator, who (2) has
root access to the machine on which he is installing Krang, and (3) he
has a basic understanding of what Krang does and how it looks when it
is working.

Note: this probably won't work unless you're running on a supported
platform.  See F<pod/ops_install.pod> for the list of supported
platforms.

=head1 Krang Install Check-list

=over

=item 1

Create a user to own Krang instance (as root)

   useradd <username>
   chmod +x ~<username>

=item 2

Check out Krang from CVS.  Instructions:

  http://krang.sourceforge.net/cvs.html


=item 3

Upgrade/Install MySQL 4

You can find binaries for MySQL 4 here:

  http://www.mysql.com/downloads/mysql-4.0.html

Make sure you install the server, client, devel and shared packages,
if you're using RPMs.

=item 4

Build Krang

   bin/krang_build

=item 5

Configure Krang.  Edit F<conf/krang.conf> to use the username you
created in step one as KrangUser and KrangGroup.

=item 6 

Build the Database.

   make db

=item 7

Run tests.

   make test


=item 8

Authorize user to start Krang via SUDO (as root).  Add to F</etc/sudoers>:

   "username  ALL=(root)  NOPASSWD: $KRANG_ROOT/bin/*"

=item 9

Start Krang

   bin/krang_ctl start

=item 10

Now visit the server in a web browser.  If it works, you're done!

=back

