=head1 Running Krang on Your Local Desktop

This document is a guide on how to set up Krang in your local desktop
environment.

If you are doing any sort of Krang development (element library,
templates, Krang itself), this document is of interest to you.  Being
able to run Krang locally can make development a much faster process,
and you don't need to worry about clobbering other people if you make
changes during development.

Before you start, you should be comfortable with a Unix/Linux
environment - you may need to install software packages that Krang
depends on.

B<NOTE:> This document assumes that you're not currently running a
local webserver on port 80 (go to C<http://localhost:80> with any web
browser to confirm if you're unsure - you should get a "Connection
Refused"-type message).


What you need:

=over

=item *

root access on a Krang-friendly machine (A number of flavors of Linux,
FreeBSD, Mac OSX and Solaris all fit the bill).

It I<may> be possible to configure Krang without root access, but
that's beyond the scope of this document at the moment.

=item *

A binary release of Krang tailored for your system, or the source tarball.

=back

=head1 Initial Setup

The process for building and installing Krang is covered in
HREF[Installing Krang|ops_install.html].  A few things to keep in
mind as you go through the process.

When running C<krang_install>:

=over

=item * HostName

C<localhost> is fine.

=item * IPAddress

Use C<127.0.0.1> - C<127.0.0.1> is B<ALWAYS> the current machine.

=item * KrangUser

Your user account is a good choice.  This will give your user account
permissions to modify any file in your installed copy of Krang.

=item * KrangGroup

The default group for your user account is also a good choice.

=item * InstanceHostName, InstanceDBName, InstanceElementSet

Every Krang installation needs a minimum of one instance.  This guide
will use "cms.testsite.kra", "testsite", and "Default", respectively.

=back

The resulting installation string should look something like this:

  # ./bin/krang_install \
         --HostName             localhost            \
         --IPAddress            127.0.0.1            \
         --AdminPassword        $AdminPassword       \
         --DBUser               $DBUser              \
         --DBPass               $DBPass              \
         --InstanceDBName       testsite             \
         --InstanceHostName     cms.testsite.kra     \
         --InstanceElementSet   Default              \
         --KrangUser            joeuser              \
         --KrangGroup           users

Once C<krang_install> is done, you should be on your way!

Open up a web browser, and go to 

  http://localhost

You should be presented with a "Welcome to Krang" page, and a listing
for C<cms.testsite.kra>.  Click on the link.  At the login, your
username will be C<admin>, your password is the C<$AdminPassword> that
you set when calling C<krang_install>.

Congratulations, you are in!

B<NOTE:> Don't worry about the C<.kra> extension - it was chosen
simply to make sure that we wouldn't clobber a real site you might use
- like testsite.com, testsite.net, you get the idea.

=head1 Configuring a Site

With Krang now up and running, the first thing you need to do is
create a site.

=over

=item *

Under the B<sites> menu (underneath B<Admin>), choose the "Add a site"
option.

=item * URL

The URL of your "live" site:

  testsite.kra:8080

=item * Preview URL

The URL for the preview version of your site:

  preview.testsite.kra:8080

=item * Publish Path

The website root for C<testsite.kra>.  You want to choose a directory
path that C<KrangUser> has write-access to.

I generally choose a path in C</tmp>, such as:

  /tmp/krang/testsite.kra

The drawback to using C</tmp> on some systems is that it may be too
small for real use.  A directory in your home directory works just as
well, or even a path in the Krang install path (e.g. C<KRANG_ROOT>)!

  /path/to/installed/krang/tmp/testsite.kra

Is a good choice as well.

=item * Preview Path

Same as C<Publish Path> - put it in the same location, just call it
C<preview.testsite.kra>.

=back

B<NOTE:> Notice the C<:8080> on the end of the publish and preview
URLs?  That is intentional.  Pay attention to the next step.


=head1 Configuring SiteServer

C<SiteServer> was created to make it easy for developers to see
preview/publish website functionality without having to delve into
configuring Apache.

C<SiteServer> is part of L<Krang::Handler>, and works as an apache
transhandler, mapping requests to the preview and publish paths that
we configured above.

Add the following lines to the main section (before the C<< <Instance> >>
section) of C<conf/krang.conf>:


  #
  # EnableSiteServer: the site server offers developers a means to test
  # preview and publish without requiring a separate Apache setup.  If
  # set to 1 then SiteServerAddr and SiteServerPort must be defined and
  # must differ from the ApacheAddr and ApachePort settings.
  #
  EnableSiteServer 1
  SiteServerAddr 127.0.0.1
  SiteServerPort 8080


This tells SiteServer to listen on port 8080 (consistent with the
:8080 in the C<Publish URL> and C<Preview URL> directives above) and
attempt to map incoming requests.

Restart Krang to have the changes take effect.

B<REMEMBER:> you most likely need to be root to restart Krang - look
into using sudo to make things easier.

As root:

  # bin/krang_ctl restart

As your everyday user w/ sudo properly configured:

  $ sudo bin/krang_ctl restart


=head1 The /etc/hosts file

The last thing to change - the C</etc/hosts> file.

The C</etc/hosts> file, if you're not familiar with it, is a way to
shortcut DNS lookups.  When your system tries to resolve a machine
name (e.g. C<krang.sourceforge.net>), the first place it will look is
the C</etc/hosts> file.

Add the following to your /etc/hosts file (you will most likely need
to be root to do this):

  # Local Krang CMS, and test publish/preview sites.
  127.0.0.1     cms.testsite.kra
  127.0.0.1     testsite.kra
  127.0.0.1     preview.testsite.kra

Re-start your web browser.  The reason is this - most web browsers (IE
and Mozilla/Firefox included) cache IP addresses after a lookup.  If
by any chance your browser already has an IP address for
C<testsite.kra>, it will ignore the changes you just made to
C</etc/hosts>.

Log back into the Krang UI.  Rather than using http://localhost, try
http://cms.testsite.kra - you should be taken directly to the login
screen you saw previously.

You now have a fully configured Krang instance running on your local
machine.  Preview and Publish should now work as designed, and your
setup should behave like any normal Krang setup.


