=head1 Krang New Features

This document identifies new features to be added to the base
Bricolage-compatible implementation.

Included with each item is a rough guess as to the difficulty of
implementing each feature.  This is intended to help in the process of
deciding which features will go in the first version.  The ratings
used are:

=over 4

=item easy

Less than 3 days of work required with little or no specification work.

=item moderate

3 to 10 days of work, plus some amount of technical specification.

=item hard

A significant development effort of at least 10 days.  Will require
complete technical specification to obtain a better estimate.

=back

=head2 Story

=over

=item *

Preview stories from the search results screen.  [ easy ]

=item *

Search for stories by creator. [ easy ]

=item *

Search for stories by ID. [ easy ]

=item *

Copy (clone) stories.  [ medium ]

=item *

Create advanced publish scheduling interface capable of scheduling
particular versions (ex. "publish version 2 tomorrow") and repeated
publishing schedules (ex. "every day"). [ hard ]

=item *

Invent new combined notes/description feature to obviate the need for
a description field on the main story edit screen.  [ moderate ]

=item *

Save immediately on create.  [ easy ]

=item *

Ability to add a new contributor from the select contributor page.  [ medium ]

=item *

The cancel button in the element editor will actually cancel any and
all changes made up to that point but not explicitely saved with the
save button.  This is significantly different from the cancel button
in Bricolage, which mearly goes up a level ignoring any edits on the
screen.  [ hard ]

=back

=head2 Media

=over 

=item *

Bulk upload of Media using FTP with a searchable bulk-uploaded flag.  [ hard ]

=item *

Publishing Media should also publish to preview.  Additionally, a
Publish to Preview button should be available to only publish to
preview.  [ easy ]

=item *

Create a new data type and interface for Includes separate from Media.
[ hard ]

=back

=head2 Templates

=over

=item *

Create a template testing facility to allow template changes to be
tested in preview.  Basic design calls for having a "test this
template" checkbox on templates in My Workspace.  With this box
checked all stories previewed will be formatted using this template.
Note that this design will "corrupt" the preview destination with the
results of template testing.  [ moderate ]

=back

=head2 Desks

=over

=item *

Redesign desk interface to improve usability.  Make "edit" more
prominent, add paging to handle large numbers of stories, etc.  
[ hard ]

=back

=head2 Active Assets

=over

=item *

The active (stories|media|templates) screen will provide a list of
items currently checked out.  If the user has "super checkin"
priviledges then they will be allow to checkin items from this screen.
This will allow admins to checkin items checked out by a user without
requiring user override capabilities. [ hard ]

=back

=head2 Admin

=over

=item *

When a user is deleted automatically checkin any objects the user had
checked out.  Make sure admin knows what happened.  [ easy ]

=item *

Add a new User Preferences section for settings specific to each user.
This will include Alerts and paging, at least.

=back

=head2 Categories

=over

=item *

All categories to have element trees of their own.  [ hard ]

=item *

Create a better UI element for selecting a category from a large list.
[ hard ]

=item *

Add a "site" abstraction to allow Krang to easily handle multiple
sites in one CMS instance.  The idea is for there to be a list of
sites, each with a name and a URL.  Each site has its own category
tree.  In many ways the site will function as a top-level category but
differentiating them in the UI will give us a number of advantages.

Templates may be of three types - global, site specific or
category specific.

Stories and Media will be assigned to one or more sites and one or
more categories within each site.  When a story or media object is
linked to the full URL will be constructed using the site's URL and the
category.  This will remove the need to do nasty Apache rewrite rules
and will satisfy clients that care about their URLs.

The permissions system will provide a means to limit access and
visibility by site.

[ hard ]

=item *

Prevent category from being deleted while stories, media or templates
exist in the category.  [ easy ]

=back

=head2 Elements

=over

=item *

The element system will undergo radical changes in Krang.  To start,
the element admin tool will not exist in the end-user UI.  It will be
redesigned as a tool for the developers, primarily working through
files on disk and in CVS.

High-level goals for the new element system include:

=over

=item *

Ability to create new classes of elements and fields easily.

=item *

Separation of data modeling from UI modeling.  This will allow us to
properly present complex controls (ex: keyword dropdown for LA)
without resorting to ugly workarounds.  It will also enable us to more
precisely control the behavior of elements in the story UI.  Elements
that don't offer bulk editing, that don't allow more than a fixed
number of items, etc.

=item *

Support for a global element library where reusable components can be
shared.

=item *

Provide the ability to add documentation to elements.

=back

Dev will be working on the design of the element system during the
technical specification phase of the project.

[ hard ]

=back

=head2 General

=over 

=item *

A check-all button should be added to screens which list assets (find,
desks).  [ moderate ]

=item *

Story and media expiration needs to work.  This will require
coordination with Ops. [ hard ]

=item *

Need Javascript confirm box for publish actions, both from desks or
from Story/Media edit screen. [ easy ]

=item *

Protect user from accidentally losing data by leaving an editor
without saving.  Use javascript confirms.  [ moderate ]

=item *

Create a bug-reporting facility that is activated on errors, and may
be accessed manually.  It will consist of a reporting form and will
automatically submit bugs to Bugzilla.  The Bugzilla bug will include
detailed logs that should significantly cut down on bug hunting time.
[ moderate ]

=item *

Create a tool to migrate existing Bricolage installations to Krang
with the minimum amount of manual labor possible.  [ hard ]

=back
