=head1 Krang Objects

This document describes the fundamental Krang objects at a high level.
Not all of these will be real Perl objects, but most probably will.
The goal is to break down functionality into modular units that can be
implemeneted separately.

The attributes and methods below are in addition to the "standard set"
that will be supported by all objects.  The only standard attribute
currently planned is C<id>.  Standard methods will include C<new()>,
C<find()>, C<delete()>, C<clone()>, C<freeze()> and C<thaw()>.

=head2 Story

The story is the most important Krang object.  Editors edit stories,
developers design elements for stories, the publisher publishes
stories, end users read stories.

Attibutes:

  - title
  - cover date
  - publish date
  - categories
  - urls
  - version
  - published version
  - root element
  - desk
  - creator
  - locker
  - contributors
  - keywords (needed?)

Methods:

  - lock
  - unlock
  - revert
  - publish

=head2 Media

Media embodies all "binary" content in the system: images, movies, CSS
docs, etc.  Media objects are created by editors, included in stories,
and published with stories by the publisher.

Attibutes:

  - title
  - filename
  - size
  - data
  - mime type
  - root element
  - category
  - url
  - desk
  - creator
  - locker
  - contributors
  - keywords (needed?)

Methods:

  - lock
  - unlock
  - publish

=head2 Category

Categories exist in a hierarchical tree like directories on a
filesystem.  They contain stories and media.  Like stories and media
they can have configurable elements attached to them.

Attributes:

  - path
  - name
  - root element
  - keywords (needed?)

Methods:

