=for comment
This POD file is used to generate INSTALL in distribution archives.

=head1 Installing Krang

This document describes how to install Krang on your system.

=head2 Supported Platforms

Krang supports the following operating system platforms:

=over 4

=item *

Redhat Linux 7.3 and 9

=item *

Fedora Core 1 and 2

=item *

Gentoo Linux 1.4.3

=item *

FreeBSD 5.2.1

=item *

Debian 3.0 (Woody)

=back

Krang will likely compile fine on other similar platforms, but you'll
need to download the source distribution and build it yourself.  See
L<"Building Krang from Source">.

=head2 Software Requirements

Before you can install Krang you'll need Perl version 5.6.1 or later
and MySQL version 4.0.13 or later.  You can download Perl here:

  http://www.perl.com/download.csp

And MySQL 4 can be found here:

  http://www.mysql.com/downloads/mysql-4.0.html

Krang may require additional software, depending on your operating
system.  Be sure to read the platform-specific README (eg.
F<README.Redhat9>) included with Krang.

=head2 Choosing a Distribution

When you download Krang you must choose a distribution that matches
your operating system and version of Perl.  If you don't know what
version of Perl you have, run this command on your command-line:

  perl -MConfig -e 'printf "perl%d.%d.%d-%s",
                    (map { ord($_) } split("", $^V, 3)), $Config{archname}'

This will print something like:

  perl5.6.1-i686-linux

Using this information, if you wanted to install Krang 1.013 on Redhat
7.3 you would download:

  krang-1.013-Redhat7_3-perl5.6.1-i686-linux.tar.gz

Krang also has a special source distribution with F<-src> instead of a
platform description (ex: F<krang-1.013-src.tar.gz>).  You can
download this release and attempt to build Krang from source.  Of
course, this may require porting work if Krang doesn't support your
platform.

=head2 Building Krang from Source

If you downloaded the source distribution (ex:
F<krang-1.013-src.tar.gz>) then you'll need to build Krang before you
can install it.  If you've got a binary distribution, skip ahead to
L<"Installation">.

First, untar the source tar-ball and enter the directory:

  tar zxvf krang-1.013-src.tar.gz
  cd krang-1.013-src

If there's a README file for your platform (ex: README.FreeBSD5), read
that now.  It will tell you about software you'll need to install
before building Krang.

Now try building Krang using the bin/krang_build script:

  bin/krang_build

To build a version of krang that supports SSL, then supply the C<with-ssl> option.

  bin/krang_build --with-ssl

If Krang complains that it doesn't know what platform to build for you
can pass it a platform name:

  bin/krang_build Redhat9

If that works, you can now build a binary distribution for your
platform and proceed to the next step:

  bin/krang_makedist

If not, you'll have to do some porting work to get Krang working on
your system.  To learn more about porting Krang, read this:

  http://krang.sourceforge.net/docs/porting.html

=head2 Installation

Once you've downloaded a Krang binary distribution, or built one from
source, un-tar it and enter the directory created:

  tar zxvf krang-1.013-Redhat7_3-perl5.6.1-i686-linux.tar.gz
  cd krang-1.013-Redhat7_3-perl5.6.1-i686-linux

To install, run bin/krang_install as root, providing options
describing how to setup Krang:

  # ./bin/krang_install \
         --HostName             $HostName            \
         --IPAddress            $IPAddress           \
         --AdminPassword        $AdminPassword       \
         --DBUser               $DBUser              \
         --DBPass               $DBPass              \
         --InstanceDBName       $InstanceDBName      \
         --InstanceHostName     $InstanceHostName    \
         --InstanceElementSet   $InstanceElementSet  

These options are described below.

=head2 Localization

After installing Krang, you may optionally install localization
distributions.  To install the localization distribution for German,
download Krang-Localization-Deutsch-VERSION.tar.gz and install it
using lang/bin/krang_lang_installer:

  lang/bin/krang_lang_installer Krang-Localization-Deutsch-VERSION.tar.gz

Note that the VERSION number must be the same as the Version of Krang
itself.

=head2 Required Variables

Before you install you must gather the following information.  The
following variables should be replaced in example shell commands with
the appropriate values.

=over 4

=item HostName

Host name used for Krang's main Apache virtual host (e.g.,
"cms23.foo.com").  This is the master host which provides a list of
all configured Krang instances.  Often this is the hostname of the
machine itself, although systems with multiple Krang installations
must choose different HostNames for each.

=item IPAddress

IP address used for the Krang Apache server and FTP server.  You'll
need to arrange DNS to point this IPAddress at HostName.

=item AdminPassword

Password assigned to the "admin" Krang user (e.g., "whale").  This
is the password you'll provide when you first log-in to the Krang
system.

=item DBUser

Name of MySQL user which is used by this CMS installation (e.g.,
"krangdb").  This user will be created if it does not exist.

=item DBPass

MySQL user password which is used by this Krang installation (e.g.,
"xyzzy").  If the MySQL user already exists this must be the correct
password for the user.

=item InstanceDBName

Krang can contain multiple instances, but just one is setup by
C<krang_install>.  This parameter names that database.  Typically this
will be the name of your first site, eg. "coolmagazine1".

=item InstanceHostName

Host name for the virtual host connected directly to the instance
powered by InstanceDBName, typically something like
"cms.coolmagazine1.com".  You'll need to arrange DNS to point
IPAddress at InstanceHostName.

=item InstanceElementSet

Name of element set used by this instance.  Possible values are
directories under the F<element_lib> directory.  If you're not ready
to choose an element set yet, just use "Default".

=back

=head2 Optional Variables

Other variables may be required, depending on your installation needs:

=over 4

=item MySQLRootPassword

Defaults to "" (none).  The password for the MySQL user "root" who is
assumed to exist, and to have full access to MySQL.  If the "root"
user doesn't exist or has restricted access you must change your MySQL
configuration before installing Krang.

=item InstallPath

Defaults to "/usr/local/krang".  Directory into which Krang should be
installed.

=item KrangUser

Defaults to "krang".  UNIX user for process ownership (Apache, etc.),
file ownership and install location.  This user will be created if it
does not exist.

=item KrangGroup

Defaults to "krang".  UNIX group for process ownership (Apache, etc.),
file ownership and install location.  This group will be created if it
does not exist.

=item FTPPort

Defaults to 21.  Port on which FTP server should run.

=item ApachePort

Defaults to 80.  Port on which the Apache server should run.

=item SMTPServer

Defaults to localhost (127.0.0.1).  Address of SMTP mail server used
by Krang for sending email alerts.

=item InstanceDisplayName

Defaults to $InstanceHostName.  Name of the Instance, displayed on
the CMS interface for informational purposes.

=item WithAddon

This option provides an addon which will be installed with Krang.
Krang addons can provide element sets, libraries and other services.
You can specify multiple addons to install by repeating this option.

=item DBSock

This option is used to specify the location of your MySQL server's 
socket file.  You should only need to specify this directive if you get 
errors such as "DBI connect(...) failed: Can't connect to local MySQL 
server through socket '/some/nonexistent/file'" in DBI.pm whenever krang 
tries to connect to your (local) MySQL server.  

How to determine the correct socket path and filename to specify here, 
that will correct the error above on a given system is a troubleshooting 
task that is beyond the scope of these docs, but your MySQL server's 
my.cnf file might be a good place to begin looking for clues.

=item EnableSSL

Boolean flag indicating whether or not this instance of Krang will run over
SSL (will only work if this Krang was built with the C<with-ssl> option. See
L<"Building Krang from Source">.)

When SSL is enabled and Krang is restarted, it will look for it's SSL certificate
and key in the following locations:

    KRANG_ROOT/conf/ssl.crt/server.crt
    KRANG_ROOT/conf/ssl.key/server.key

If your F<server.key> is encrypted, then you should look at setting the
C<SSLPassPhraseDialog> in your F<krang.conf> (see L<http://www.modssl.org/docs/2.8/ssl_reference.html>
for more details).

=item SSLApachePort

Defaults to 443. Port on which the Apache server will listen for SSL requests.

=item DefaultLanguage

Defaults to 'en' (English).  This must be a RFC3066-style language tag
representing either the English default or the root directory of some
localization distribution you are going to install below C<lang/>.
The DefaultLanguage will be used on the Login screen and when a user
has not yet set his language preference.

=item AvailableLanguages

A list of RFC3066-style language tags (at a minimum 'en', the English
default).  The specified languages will show up in the language
selector on the preferences screen and allow the user to select the
language of the Krang UI.  For this to work, you have to install the
corresponding Krang localization distributions after installing Krang
itself.  To install a localization distribution use the script
C<lang/bin/krang_lang_installer>.

=back

=head2 Some definitions

=over 4

=item Installation

A particular version of Krang installed on a server.  A single host
server may have multiple installations, but this would be rare
outside of development.  A single installation may have multiple
"Instances".

=item Instance

A particular database, host name and element set within Krang.
Multiple instances may exist within a particular Krang installation.
A single instance may have multiple "Sites".

=item Site

A website managed by Krang.  Multiple sites may exist
within a particular Krang instance.  Unlike Installations and
Instances, Sites are not installed via this installation process.
Sites are configured from the Krang web interface.

=back


