=head1 Krang Permissions System

Krang implements an authentication and authorization system which
controls the users' ability to access different aspects of the
system.  This system works by affiliating named "groups" with sets of
privileges.  Users are then affiliated with these groups, through
which they are granted authority.

The purpose of this document is two-fold:

=over 4

=item 1. Functionality

To describe the functionality of the Krang permissions system.


=item 2. Implementation

To describe how the Krang permissions system is implemented, and why.


=back



=head1 Functionality

Krang's security is based on "groups".  Groups are logical containers
which are affiliated with permission settings and users.  Permissions
for a group are assigned in three major "security realms":


=head2 Security Realms

=over 4

=item 1. Sites/Categories

Sites, and the categories (e.g., directories) within each site.


=item 2. Assets

Includes three classes of assets: Story, Media, and Templates


=item 3. Desks

Logical desks, such as "Edit" or "Publish"


=back



=head2 Security Levels

Within these three security realms, authority is granted to one of
three levels:


=over 4

=item A. Edit

User may add, modify or delete.


=item B. Read-Only

User can view items but not make changes.


=item C. Hide

User may neither see nor change items.


=back



=head2 Administration permissions

In addition to the realms and levels described above, there are a handful
of security items affiliated with a group which are global to the whole
system.

=over 4

=item * May publish (may_publish)

Publish stories and media to the live server.


=item * May check-in all (may_checkin_all)

Check in objects checked out by any other user.


=item * Manage users (admin_users)

Add, edit, or delete users.


=item * Group limited user manage (admin_users_limited)

When editing users, may only grant access to groups to which user personally has access.


=item * Manage groups (admin_groups)

Add, edit, or delete permission groups.


=item * Manage contributors (admin_contribs)

Add, edit or delete contributors.


=item * Manage sites (admin_sites)

Add, edit or delete sites.


=item * Manage categories (admin_categories)

Add, edit or delete categories.


=item * Manage jobs (admin_jobs)

Add, edit or delete jobs.


=item * Manage desks (admin_desks)

Add, edit or delete desks.


=back



=head2 Use Cases

These permissions are applied intuitively based on their context.  For
example:

=over 4


=item *

A user is granted "Read-Only" access to a particular category.  As a
result, they can see the contents of the category and its
sub-categories, but may not add, modify or delete categories in the
affected hierarchy.  Furthermore, the user may see but not edit media
and story objects which are within the affected hierarchy.


=item *

A user is granted "Edit" access to desk "A", but "Read-Only" access to
desk "B".  as a result, they can manipulate content on desk "A", and
they may move it to desk "B" -- but once on desk "B" they cannot
make any changes.


=item *

A user is granted "Edit" access to "Story" and "Media" assets
but "Read-Only" to "Templates".  As a result, they can manage
content, but may not make changes to the templates which control the
appearance of content.


=item * 

User is NOT granted "may publish" access.  As a result, the publish 
buttons are hidden from all screens on which they normally appear.


=item * 

User is NOT granted "manage contributors" access.  As a result, the
"Contributors" link is hidden from the left navigation in Krang.
The user may still associate contributors with stories or media, but
they cannot access the edit screen for existing contributors or delete 
contributors.

=back


=head2 How Permissions Combine

Generally speaking, permissions combine in two ways:  Group-wise and
realm-wise.

A user may be a member of more than one group.  When evaluating
permissions, multiple group permissions are combined according to the
principles of "most priviledge".  This is the nature of group-wise
combination of permissions.  If one of a user's groups allows them to
perform an action, then they are deemed to be allowed to perform that
action.

Different security realms have intersecting functions.  For example,
category permission affects access to stories, as does asset
permissions.  When evaluating permission intersection between security
realms, the principle of "least priviledge" should be used.  This is
the nature of realm-wise permission combination.

For example, if category permissions allow a user to edit a particular
story, but that user is prohibited because of asset security
(asset_story == "read-only"), then they are deemed to be prohibited
from editing that story.  Similarly, if category permissions prohibit
a user from seeing a particular piece of media, but asset permissions
allow the user to edit media, the user may not see that media.

Realm-wise permission mostly affects the intersection of category
permissions and asset permissions.


=head1 Implementation

There are two primary tasks for which the Krang permissions system is
responsible:


=over 4

=item 1. API security

Limit access to Krang objects.


=item 2. UI security

Influence UI based on access to functionality.


=back


The purpose of API security is to limit access to Krang objects.  This
mechanism is implemented by modifying the Krang object modules (e.g.,
Krang::Media, Krang::Story, etc.).

Typically, this means modifying the find() method to hide objects
which the current user is not allowed to see and throwing exceptions
when the user tries to perform an operation they are not allowed to
perform, such as calling save() on an object to which they have
"Read-Only" access.

The purpose of UI security is to prevent the web interface from
displaying options to which the user does not have access.  The
permissions system provides access to security settings so that user
interface elements may hide functions as necessary.

You can also restrict access to a module or it's run modes by setting
the C<PACKAGE_PERMISSIONS> and C<RUNMODE_PERMISSIONS> params. See
L<Krang::CGI> for more details.

Following describes how API and UI security are to be implemented for
the four major permissions systems in Krang:  Sites/Categories,
Assets, Desks, and Administration permissions.

=head2 Sites/Categories

Site/categories are the most complex aspect of the Krang
permissions system.  Because categories touch so many different parts
of the Krang system, and because they are so voluminous (possibly
numbering around 10,000 per Krang instance) a special mechanism has
been devised to handle category-based permissions.

Primarily, a table called "category_group_permission" has been
created.  This table stores the category permission configuration
designated by the users.  For example, imagine the following was
configured for the "Car Editors" group:

  site1.com/, "Read-Only"
  site1.com/departments/cars/, "Edit"

The intention of the user who configured these permissions would be to
grant "Car Editors" the ability to manage content within their
section, but not anywhere else.  For example, if they wanted to add a
story to the system they would be granted access as follows to the
following categories:

  Not allowed:  site1.com/
  Allowed:      site1.com/departments/cars/
  Allowed:      site1.com/departments/cars/toyota/prius/
  Not allowed:  site1.com/departments/unicycles/

In order to make a permissions decision about the category
"site1.com/departments/cars/" there is an exact match in the
"category_group_permission" table.  Unfortunately, in order to find
permissions for "site1.com/departments/cars/toyota/prius/" it is
necessary to ascend the hierarchy until we get to
"site1.com/departments/cars/".

The "category_group_permission" table is expected to be a very sparse
matrix of categories and groups.  If we were to rely on this table for
making all category permission decisions we would spend a considerable
amount of time negotiating the category hierarchy, and performance
would greatly suffer as a result.

In order to avoid this problem, another table called
"category_group_permission_cache" has been created.  Unlike
"category_group_permission", this table stores every possible
combination of group and category.  As a result, any look up for
category/group permissions is certain to be resolved in a single
query.

Furthermore, in order to streamline the ability to integrate category
permission checking into SQL, the permission levels "Edit",
"Read-Only", and "Hide" have been implemented as two columns in
"category_group_permission_cache": "may_see" and "may_edit".

Finally, it is important to recognize that a user may be a member of
more than one group.  The result of this is that the database may
return more than one row per user/category.  In order to compensate
for the possible 1:N nature of users to qualifying groups, a group-by
SQL mechanism should be employed when retrieving permissions, and a
"select distinct" when doing a count.

Put together with the rest of the system, here is how a count of media
records to which a user has access to see might be implemented in SQL:

  select
    count(distinct media_id)

  from
    media
      left join category_group_permission_cache as cgpc
        ON cgpc.category_id = media.category_id
      left join user_group_permission
        ON cgpc.group_id = user_group_permission.group_id

  where
    user_group_permission.user_id = 1 AND
    cgpc.may_see = 1 


Here is how you would retrieve media records to which the user has
access to see.  Note the use of sum() and "group by":

  select
    media.media_id,
    media.title,
    media.category_id,
    (sum(cgpc.may_see) > 0) as may_see,
    (sum(cgpc.may_edit) > 0) as may_edit

  from
    media
      left join category_group_permission_cache as cgpc
        ON cgpc.category_id = media.category_id
      left join user_group_permission
        ON cgpc.group_id = user_group_permission.group_id

  where
    user_group_permission.user_id = 1 AND
    cgpc.may_see = 1 

  group by
    media.media_id

Because the may_edit column will contain "1" if true and "0"
if not, sum() will effectively be greater than zero if the user is
allowed to edit a particular object via at least one group.

The above SQL will hide records to which the user has no
authority to see.  This is not always the desired behavior.  For
example, if a story is in a category to which the user has read
access, but that story uses media which is in a category to which the
user does NOT have access, it is expected that the media will appear
in the context of the story, nonetheless.  This requires that the API
only hide hidden records when specifically requested to do so.  To
this end, the parameters "may_see" and "may_edit" have been added to
the find() methods of effected object types:

  my @visible_media = Krang::Media->find( may_see=>1 );

If "may_see" is not specified, all records will be shown.  It is
expected that objects will only be hidden when viewed by applications
which are specifically for managing that object type. For example,
story objects will only be hidden when accessed via the story manager
application.  When non hidden, the "may_see" property will be
propagated to the object, and may be used as needed.

The same interface is used for "may_edit":

  my @editable_stories = Krang::Story->find( may_edit=>1 );

The following modules implement "may_see" and "may_edit" in their
find() method:

  Krang::Story
  Krang::Media
  Krang::Templates
  Krang::Category

This handles the "Hide" case, but does not handle
the "Edit" verses "Read-Only" case.  To support this case, the
"may_edit" property should be used.  When records are instantiated
from the database the "may_edit" property (as well as the "may_see"
property) should be stored with the object.

This object property should be considered whenever the user attempts
to trigger a write operation on the object, in which case the
operation should croak().  Examples of methods which should implement
this behavior are:

  save()
  delete()
  checkout()
  checkin()

This will ensure that even if the calling code erroneously issues
write operations, those operations will not be permitted thus
corrupting the database.


Maintenance of the category_group_permission_cache table is managed by
the Krang::Group module which is called when categories or groups are
changed.  If it is necessary to rebuild the cache from the ground up, 
the class function rebuild_category_cache() is provided.  This can be 
invoked from the command-line as follows:

  perl -MKrang::Script -MKrang::Group -e 'Krang::Group->rebuild_category_cache()'

This method may take some time to complete during which a running system will 
not function properly.  Rebuilding the cache table requires iterating through 
possibly thousands of SQL statements.  Precisely speaking, the cache table 
contains one row for every group/category combination.  When designing the
permissions system, the following quantities were considered possible per 
Krang instance:

    Number of groups: 20
    Number of sites: 20
    Categories per site: 500
    Total cache table rows:    20 (groups)
                             * 20 (sites)
                            * 500 (site/categories)
                        -----------------------------
                          200,000 (cache entries)

Rebuilding the entire category permissions cache is not usually necessary.
As a result, it is not optimized for run-time performance.  If it is necessary 
to rebuild the cache table it is recommended that the Krang instance be shut 
down first.


=head2 Assets

In Krang, "assets" refer to stories, media, or templates.  Permissions
are assigned independently to these three different asset types, for
each group.

Access to the permission settings are provided via a function in
Krang::Group --

  my %asset_perms = Krang::Group->user_asset_permissions();

This method will combine the permissions for all the groups to which
the currently logged in user is assigned and return a hash of net permissions.

Alternatively, you may ask for a specific asset:

  my $story_access = Krang::Group->user_asset_permissions('story');

For each asset type, a group may be granted "edit", "read-only", or
"hide" access.  A user may be a member of more than one group.  The
asset permissions work on a basis of "most permissive", meaning that
if a user is allowed to "edit" an asset because of their membership in
one group, they are then allowed to edit that asset, regardless of
whether another group of which they are a member does not have "edit"
access.

Functionally, there are two significant differences between asset
permissions and category permissions.  The first difference is that
asset permissions affect the whole class, where category permissions
are particular to an individual object.

For example, if a user has "read-only" access to media, the
Krang::Media methods which require "edit" access will croak() when
called.  These methods include:

  save()
  delete()
  checkout()
  checkin()

The second difference between category and asset permissions is that
"hide" permissions for a particular asset class have no effect on
the behavior of the find() method.  Unlike category permissions which
will automatically hide results if a user has "hide" access to a
category which contains a particular object, all objects will be
returned by find() even if a user has "hide" for the asset type.

The reason for this is because quite a lot of functionality in Krang
requires access to find().  For example, a user with access to see or
edit stories must be able to see the media associated with the
stories.  If the behavior of find() were modified to hide all media,
the story interface would break.

Instead, the sole function of "hide" asset security is to remove
the link to the web interfaces to managing the hidden assets will be 
removed from view.  It is the respnsibility of the UI to read asset
permissions for the current user and show or hide links to
functionality according to these permissions.


=head2 Desks

Desks, in Krang, are used to implement CMS work flow.  Stories may be
moved from one desk to another where different sets of users may
interact with them.  For example, consider the following desks:

  1. Edit
  2. Publish

New stories might be created and manipulated on the "Edit" desk.  When
the staff who work on the Edit desk believe that a story is ready to
be published they may move the story to the "Publish" desk.  Once on
the Publish desk, the story might be reviewed by a more specialized
staffer for fact-checking or final editing.  From that desk, stories
(once approved) would be published to the live site.

Desk permissions are implemented via the "desk_group_permission"
table, which joins to the "permission_group" table.  For each
desk/group one of the following security levels may be assigned:
"edit", "read-only", or "hide".

Because users may be members of more than one group, permissions must
be combined.  This is done in accordance to the principle of "most
privilege".  In other words, if a user is assigned to the following
groups:

   Group A =>  Desk 1 => "edit"
               Desk 2 => "read-only"
               Desk 3 => "read-only"

   Group B =>  Desk 1 => "read-only"
               Desk 2 => "hide"
               Desk 3 => "edit"

In this case, the resultant permissions for this user will be:

   Desk 1 => "edit"
   Desk 2 => "read-only"
   Desk 3 => "edit"

For convenience, a class method is provided:

  my %desk_perms = Krang::Group->user_desk_permissions();

The hash which is returned will contain a map of desks to security
levels for the user who is currently logged in.  This method is
expected to be called wherever security decisions regarding desks must
be made.

You can retrieve permissions for a particular desk by specifying it by
ID:

  my $desk1_access = Krang::Group->user_desk_permissions($desk_id);

In the Krang::Story API, the move_to_desk() is expected to respect
desk permissions.  If a user attempts to move a story FROM a desk to
which they do NOT have "edit" access, move_to_desk() should croak().
If a user attempts to move a story TO a desk to which they have "hide"
access, they move_to_desk() should croak().  For example, consider the
user who has the following permissions:

  Desk    => Security Level
 ---------------------------------
  Edit    => "edit"
  Publish => "read-only"

This user can move stories to the Edit or Publish desk.  However, they
CANNOT move stories FROM the Publish desk.  It is the responsibility
of the UI to hide links to desk functionality which is prohibited by
the desk permissions system.



=head2 Administration permissions

Administration permissions affect access to functionality throughout
Krang.  These permissions are stored as Boolean (0 or 1) values within
the "permission_group" table.

As with desks and assets, the multiple group affiliations by a user
must be reconciled assorting to the principle of "most privilege".  To
simplify and encapculate this function, the following method is provided:

  my %admin_perms = Krang::Group->user_admin_permissions();

This method will combine admin permissions for the current user and
return a hash containing permission types as keys and Boolean values
allowing (1) or disallowing (0) that function.  The admin permission
keys are specified elsewhere in this document.

You can also request permissions for a particular function:

  my $may_publish = Krang::Group->user_admin_permissions('may_publish');

It is the function of the API to croak() if a call is made to an admin
function to which the user does not have access.  For example, if a
user has access to manage users but does not have access to create
users who are in permission groups other than those affiliated with
the current user (admin_users_limited == 1), save() will croak().

It is the responsibility of the UI to use the admin permissions to
hide links to functionality to which the user does not have access.
For example, users who do not have access to manage users (admin_users
== 0) should not see the link to the User manager application.  Users
who do not have access to publish (may_publish == 0) should not see
"Publish" buttons anywhere in the UI.

