=head1 Releasing Krang

This document describes how to make a new release of Krang within
PIRT.

=head2 Release Checklist

=over 4


=item Make sure your CVS working directory is up to date (C<cvs update -d>)

=item Update $VERSION in Krang.pm

=item Verify that upgrade modules have been created for this release,
if necessary

=item Make sure all changes are committed to CVS.

=item Run C<bin/krang_makedist>

=item Test release on separate machine

=item Release to PIRT for production


=back


=head2 What release will do

=over 4

=item Tag CVS

Based on the version in Krang.pm, all the files in the release will be
tagged.  Tag names are derived from the version number by replacing
"." with "_", and pre-pending a "V", e.g., 

  Version: 1.23
  CVS Tag: V1_23

If you forget to update the $VERSION in Krang.pm, the release system
will detect that the tag already exists and will abort.


=item Create tar-ball

At the end of the build process, a file will be created in the format:

  krang-XX.YY.tar.gz

Where XX.YY is the version of the release.  For example, version 1.23 would result in a file:

  krang-1.23.tar.gz

This is the distribution tarball which should be released to PIRT.

=back



=head2 Creating Upgrade Modules

Creating upgrade modules is one of the most critical and complicated
tasks required for creating a Krang release.  Here are the required
characteristics of upgrade module:

=over 4

=item Upgrade modules are Perl modules.

=item They are subclasses of Krang::Upgrade.

=item They are stored in $KRANG_ROOT/upgrade/.

=item They are named with the version number, e.g., version 1.2 would
be named  'V1_2.pm'

=item These Perl modules implement a same-named package (e.g.,
'package V1_2;')

=item A release may have either none, or exactly one upgrade module.

=item Each upgrade module must implement two methods:
C<per_installation()> and C<per_instance()>

=item The C<per_installation()> method is called by the upgrade
process once at the beginning.

=item The C<per_instance()> method is called once for each Krang instance.

=item The upgrade process will use each found upgrade module whose
version number is between the previously installed Krang and the
version to which we are upgrading.


=back




Fortunately, upgrade modules are not always required.  Here are some
typical cases where you might want to create an upgrade module:

=over 4

=item Database Schema Changes

A table or column has changed.  The upgrade script C<per_instance()>
method will implement these changes.


=item Data Transformation

It is necessary to make a change to all data of a particular type on
installed instances.  The upgrade script C<per_instance()> method will
implement these changes.


=item New F<krang.conf> directive

A new directive is added to the F<krang.conf> file.  The
C<per_installation()> method will interactively query the system
administrator at upgrade time and add the directive to the new
krang.conf.


=back
