=head1 Krang Upgrade System

This document describes the Krang upgrade system for developers.  If
you just want to upgrade Krang, see HREF[Upgrade|ops_upgrade.html].

=head2 Introduction

Krang provides an upgrade system to allow existing Krang installations
to use new code without losing data and configuration.  When you make
changes to Krang you may need to add commands to an upgrade module.
This document will show you how.

=head2 Automatic Code Upgrades

The only thing that Krang does automatically is overwrite old source
files with new source files.  For example, if you fix a bug in
C<lib/Krang/Story.pm> and the fix doesn't require a database update
then your work is almost certainly done.

=head2 Database Upgrades

If you make a change to the DB schema, or the contents of the database
then you need to add code to affect that change during the upgrade.
For example, let's say I've added a new property for stories called
'foo_id'.  That will naturally require a new column in the C<story>
table, which I will add to C<story.sql>:

  foo_id      INT UNSIGNED NOT NULL,

That's fine for new installations, which will use C<story.sql> to
construct the C<story> table, but for upgrades I need to make that
change to the live database.  To do so I add a line to the
C<per_instance()> subroutine in the upgrade module for this release,
C<upgrade/V0_022.pm>:

  sub per_instance {
      my $self = shift;
      my $dbh = dbh();

      # add the foo_id column
      $dbh->do("ALTER TABLE story ADD COLUMN foo_id INT UNSIGNED NOT NULL");
  }

If an upgrade module for the current version doesn't exist yet just
copy an older one and use it as a template.  For more details, see
L<Krang::Upgrade>.


=head2 Data Changes

Krang does nothing with the C<data/> directory during upgrade unless
you write code to do it.  If you make a change to how files are stored
under C<data/> then you'll need to add code to make the change.  

For example, lets say I decided to rename the directory storing addon
details from C<addons/> to C<addon-db/>.  I would add code to the
C<per_installation()> method in upgrade module:

  sub per_installation {
      my $self = shift;

      # rename data/addons to data/addon-db
      system("mv", catdir(KrangRoot, 'data', 'addons'),
                   catdir(KrangRoot, 'data', 'addon-db'));
  }

This is done in C<per_installation()> rather than C<per_instance()>
because it should be done once during install, not once for each
instance.

=head2 Other Changes

Virtually any change you can write can be accomodated by the upgrade
module.  Just decide whether the change requires per-instance activity
or per-installation and put your code in the proper method.

=head2 How Krang Uses Upgrade Modules

When Krang is running an upgrade it determines which upgrade modules
to run by looking at the source and target versions.  For example, to
upgrade from v1.001 to v1.004 Krang would run, if available: 

   upgrade/V1_002.pm
   upgrade/V1_003.pm
   upgrade/V1_004.pm

=head2 How to Run an Upgrade Module Manually

While testing upgrade modules it helps to be able to run them by hand,
rather than as part of a full C<krang_upgrade> run.  Here's how it's
done, using V1_000.pm as an example:

   KRANG_ROOT=`pwd` perl -Ilib -Iupgrade -MKrang::Script \
   -MV1_000 -e 'V1_000->new()->upgrade()'

